README.md, before:

# flowchart-executor

A GUI tool to execute Python scripts in flowcharts.

This GUI tool has its backend under \aiflowchartserver and front end under \WorkflowEditor.

---

## Backend: A Djangdo server project.

### Dependencies

Python 3.12.2
Django 5.0.4
django-cors-headers 4.3.1
mysqlclient 2.2.4



### Structure

1. **aiagent** is the app to support all AI contacts.

2. **flowchartagent** is the app to execute the incoming scripts.

3. **objects** has DTO classes.

4. **utils** has all utilities.

5. **zhipuvisit** contains the tools for Zhipu API visiting.

### Database

This project depends on a MySQL database 8.0.23. 


### Configurations

1. The DB configuration is at "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver\aiflowchartserver\mysqldb.cnf". It is not directly provide on git. Please create a text file and copy the following configuraiton there. Update the username and password.

```
[client]
database = workflowenginedb
user = ????
password = ????
default-character-set = utf8
```

2. To activate AI programing, add your Zhipu API key to "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver\zhipuvisit\apikey.txt".

# Data model migration

Execute "python manage.py migrate" at "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver" to migrate the models to DB. 


### Start Server

It is recommended to develop and test this project in Idea. Open project folder "aiflowchartserver", in the run configuration, add "manage.py" as the script and add "runserver 8100" as the parameter. 

If to run in commandline, execute `python manage.py runserver 8100`.

---

## Front end: WorkflowApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.0.

The flowchart is applying [ng-flowchart](https://github.com/joel-wenzel/ng-flowchart). 

The frontend depends on [Bootstrap](https://v5.bootcss.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/) v5.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add confirmation to clear flow
Also adjust the height of the code mirror.

README.md, after:

# flowchart-executor

A GUI tool to execute Python scripts in flowcharts.

This GUI tool has its backend under \aiflowchartserver and front end under \WorkflowEditor.

---

## Backend: A Djangdo server project.

### Dependencies

Python 3.12.2
Django 5.0.4
django-cors-headers 4.3.1
mysqlclient 2.2.4



### Structure

1. **aiagent** is the app to support all AI contacts.

2. **flowchartagent** is the app to execute the incoming scripts.

3. **objects** has DTO classes.

4. **utils** has all utilities.

5. **zhipuvisit** contains the tools for Zhipu API visiting.

### Database

This project depends on a MySQL database 8.0.23. 


### Configurations

1. The DB configuration is at "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver\aiflowchartserver\mysqldb.cnf". It is not directly provide on git. Please create a text file and copy the following configuraiton there. Update the username and password.

```
[client]
database = workflowenginedb
user = ????
password = ????
default-character-set = utf8
```

2. To activate AI programing, add your Zhipu API key to "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver\zhipuvisit\apikey.txt".

### Data model migration

Execute "python manage.py migrate" at "\flowchart-executor\aiflowchartserver" to migrate the models to DB. 


### Start Server

It is recommended to develop and test this project in Idea. Open project folder "aiflowchartserver", in the run configuration, add "manage.py" as the script and add "runserver 8100" as the parameter. 

If to run in commandline, execute `python manage.py runserver 8100`.

---

## Front end: WorkflowApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.0.

The flowchart is applying [ng-flowchart](https://github.com/joel-wenzel/ng-flowchart). 

The frontend depends on [Bootstrap](https://v5.bootcss.com/docs/getting-started/introduction/) v5.

The code editing area is [ngx-codemirror](https://github.com/scttcper/ngx-codemirror).

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
